welcome guys back with another video of
hack italy
well today we will see comment on the memory
of a microsd or a usb pen drive
up to 16 gb
the link of the program I will put it in
description so let's go to our
browser
I already insert links where I put the
program the program is called sd data
let's go to download and download it
we extract it once extracted
we perform as an administrator followed
as an administrator otherwise program
do not work
this is our program then
let's start and go to see ours
usb is 4 gb
come on we've seen I'll show you
you need to see the unit where the
our pen drive in this case is merged
f so let's go look for him in here
automatic says we can increase them
8 giga because ours is 4 we go to
check here 8gb and we do with a person
or he or she will take a little time and
will rename our pendrive as never before
date
we expect the process to end
I pause and I'll see you at trial
over
here is process completed successfully
so let's go to close let's go up
computer to see that our pen
drive increased to seven gp and 44 hours
we repeat our procedure for
increase it 16 gb or better almost 16 gb
in selecting our unit again
and you will tell us we can increase it to 16
giga because our time is 7
we always do complex now
we await the end of the proceeding of
procedure and I don't know why
he told me this is ok
It is carrying out the operation of this
time we wait for everything I show you
the completion of the operation
he wanted to add that unlike
other videos of other guys who say
that it is possible to increase
I want to say that it is possible
increase it but not physically there
they really are an increase in space
and virtually because the pen drive is
will always remain 4 gb
however then not only could I use for
make jokes to do to do
see that the pen pen drive of four
you brought it to 16 gb and this one from here
me unlike
I want to be precise I want to say that
the pendrive the space increases
physically not really puts in now
pause from expect the old ladies
that ends the process we wait
let's see if we can complete it
the operation
I recommend I wanted to add
subscribe to my channel for that
I will insert many but many other videos
this at the moment is the third video here
here we have successfully completed
let's close our program
we really open and see how the
our pen drive space is
become 4gb point eight of course
well you can rename it as
favorite in this case I write usb is
however consider that once the
form call it we format the pendrive la
pendrive will return to its space
original we format capacity 3.72
gigabyte formatting completed e
returned to the original space
I hope you enjoyed this video
subscribe to my channel a goodbye
from huck italy